https://theredarchive.xyz/ - Red Pill Archive
https://www.reddit.com/r/Entrepreneur/comments/am9nkm/you_dont_need_money_to_start_a_business/ 
https://github.com/infosecn1nja/AD-Attack-Defense/blob/master/README.md#discovery - Attack Repo
https://www.reddit.com/r/ContagiousLaughter/comments/9w8kjs/scaremongering_news/ - Ah
https://streamable.com/a5rg5 - I'm Here for this
https://raspberrytips.com/raspberry-pi-commands/ - 57 basic linux commands
https://www.reddit.com/r/linux4noobs/comments/980xt0/information_bomb_for_new_users/ - Linux info
https://www.softsecrets.com/gb/grow/grow-reports/guide-to-hempy-buckets/ - Hemp Buckets
https://www.reddit.com/r/Entrepreneur/comments/93e2m2/100_free_start_up_resources/ - 100 Resources
http://stream.psychomed.gr/stream%20baroque.html - Classical Music
https://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/8uozsa/dont_say_a_word_to_the_police_heres_why_great/ - Police Lecture
http://johnkaminski.info/pages/the_next_chapter/pdf/mullins_curse_of_canaan.pdf - The Curse of Canaan
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/8t2ay9/the_definitive_roadmap_guide_on_how_to_actually/ - Dress Well Guide
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/8g46hg/rejections_makes_you_a_man/ - Rejection makes you a man 
https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/8dvs0v/incredibly_clear_and_simple_instruction_on_how_to/ - Replacing brake pads
https://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/88n2td/this_was_deleted_twice_from_reddits_front_page/ - The news is a lie
https://www.reddit.com/r/pcmasterrace/comments/73nwh2/this_is_probably_the_most_informative_and_well/ - Computer Construction guide
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/7za6ki/social_networking_the_best_tools_i_used_to_boost/ - Social Media Proof
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/7vtu7c/taking_care_of_your_body_is_easy_you_keep_away/ - Brain Resources
https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/7uamkj/can_you_spot_me_a_twenty_my_favorite_leslie/ - can you spot 20
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/7t9ocm/there_is_a_big_difference_between_knowledge_and/ - feynam technique
https://www.reddit.com/r/youtubehaiku/comments/7ssp5y/poetry_how_old_are_you/ - Unexpected Hank
https://www.reddit.com/r/trees/comments/27pnad/how_the_instructor_of_my_substance_abuse_class/ - Best way to pass piss test
https://www.reddit.com/r/Prematurecelebration/comments/7gd3h4/basically_every_other_clip_in_this_compilation/ - PUBG comp
https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/7g5g46/double_king_one_of_the_weirdest_and_most_visually/ - Great work of felix
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/7a2lii/unplugging_the_reading_list/ - Great Reading List
https://www.reddit.com/r/YouShouldKnow/comments/6m20yf/ysk_you_can_negotiate_anything_if_you_know_1/ - Negotiation Technique
https://www.reddit.com/r/YouShouldKnow/comments/59otdi/ysk_theres_a_free_alternative_to_wolfram_alpha/ - Wolfram Alpha Substitute
https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/6wz34e/sir_sir_youre_completely_fucked_any_comment/ - Sir
https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/6wc4f4/i_recently_stumbled_upon_the_simpsonwave/ - Simpson Wave
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wuzyX1YiUYk&feature=youtu.be - Spongebob Time Cards
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/6sksw4/what_is_the_best_thing_to_say_to_someone_to/ - Mind Fucks
https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/6ovdq5/a_compilation_of_british_drivers_swearing/ - British Drivers Swearing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i9bBXLqmCRs&feature=youtu.be - Muppets Res Dogs
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/6htnab/my_3_step_guide_to_an_awesome_first_approach/ - approach guide
https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/6grmu8/the_10_commandments_of_crossexamining_witnesses/ - Cross Examination
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/6cyggq/how_to_train_your_brain_to_wake_up_like_a_coked/ - Brain Training
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/6ax3jr/what_is_the_best_documentary_youve_ever_watched/ - Documentary List
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eJ3RzGoQC4s - Why people rise to power
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/69ffjp/aim_for_progress_not_perfection/ - Progress over perfection
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/65xmhh/want_to_expand_your_rp_reading_list_but_hate/ - Another reading list
https://www.reddit.com/r/books/comments/65wdur/books_you_should_read_at_least_once_in_your_life/ - Reading list
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/5ym3fv/what_youtuber_is_worth_days_of_bingewatching/ - Youtube Binge
https://www.reddit.com/r/jailbreak/comments/51dfae/tutorial_how_to_uninstallinstall_tweaks_on_your/ - Tweaks and SSH Iphone JB
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/4js2gf/a_conversation_with_my_50_year_old_redpill_dad/ - Conversation with dad
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/4h15gs/how_to_get_the_job_you_want/ - Job Guidance
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/4g5sl1/what_application_do_you_always_install_on_your/ - Application list
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/4g45je/the_sixteen_commandments_of_poon/ - Poon Commandments
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/4bu5nx/the_secret_of_making_people_like_you/ - Social Proof
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/4ao4ry/most_guys_give_up_way_too_easy_fr/ - RP 
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/48gc4q/how_to_defend_yourself_like_trump_11_pro/ - Argumentive Guide
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/464p6t/list_of_4_books_youve_never_read_that_will/ - Reading List
https://www.reddit.com/r/pcmasterrace/comments/419lod/to_celebrate_my_cake_day_i_have_compiled_all_my/ - wallpaper list
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/3cjg9j/red_pill_video_compilation_nuke_required_viewing/ - Video Guide
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6_nFuJAF5F0 - Sir Nicholas Winston
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VGj5EffwnDg - Funny Video Comp
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/2w44ew/dont_be_a_slave/ - Dont be a slave
https://www.reddit.com/r/Infographics/comments/2rj1lb/200_ways_to_make_legitimate_money_online/ - 200 Ways To make money online
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1tF2dF67Q2c - shaq gold bond
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jp1yclQXd1Q - LÃ¦ffy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?app=desktop&persist_app=1&v=lYq1zX1Gtoo - I want to be Ed Hochuli
